that's all the way down it's a double
rainbow all the way my god Oh God look
at that it starting even look like a
triple rainbow palm trees and dirty
babies funny case I'm standing on the
sky blowing out these plows staring at
the moon
I'm too fucking high now know why naked
fries from zone I'm gone gone like boy
my eyes but I'm still known point night
derek fisher it keeps a bad bitch like
charm school and i get out inside that
box like some purpose wishes keep it
real like a court case tell them haters
sitting down if they can't stand it we
get your throat like some cheap liquor
now what days rapper sweded in the surf
sandwich get something to get to y'all
yang credit cause george inness in the
yang fast like it's my addiction it
slowed to float down so you can catch it
like the kitchen sink crying harder than
a full-time skateboarder late nights
getting dirty as some lake water I kicks
it when she long you're different I
don't make it reindeer Rudolph Blitzen I
make a hell girl it's a cold world hot
sex I bet i'll make that camel toe curl
x-rated check my check statement there's
a reason why i'm celebrating it young
black and gifted um with my blueberry
kush wings solar flighted on my women
being flight attendants my blow dope
some lighting incense these balls will
never fade life sentence californication
palm trees and dirty beaches bitches
download this song for free at download
mixtapes org